if I speak one thought aloud that
thought lives even after I'm shoveled
into my grave The Twilight Zone The
Obsolete
Man we need to speak our
truth whatever your truth is you need to
speak it and never
stop you need to speak your truth when
times get
tough through all adversity
you must speak your truth when everyone
hates you that's when you need to speak
your truth when the whole world when it
seems like that whole world is against
you disagreeing with you but you know
inside yourself that you're speaking the
truth then you must continue speaking
your truth when
nobody wants to agree with you when
nobody wants to side with you and it
feels very
uncomfortable that's when you need to
speak your truth because you know inside
yourself that what you're doing is right
you need to speak your truth when family
and
friends don't like your truth that's
when you need to speak your truth this
isn't easy this might be difficult but
it allows you to be
you you need to stand tall and proud
that what you believe in is good and
just follow your truth and it will take
you to higher
places thank you